[Music]
thank you don't worry about it
i'm savannah john nice to meet you john
two weeks together that's all it took
two weeks for me to fall for you
special forces huh yes sir oh you're on
leave i hope you're enjoying yourself
yeah i think i am filming tonight
it actually doesn't matter where you are
in the world it's never bigger than your
thumb
hey bob i got somebody i want you to
meet i like your dad
he loves you i can tell even if you
can't
the way people act around you it's like
they're scared of you once you get your
hands off
why are you scared of where i used to be
you don't scare me john
oh you scared me
i gotta go back just like that so where
are they gonna send you
right in the middle of it all so i'll
see you soon
i'll see you soon then dear job
tell me everything write it all down
that way we'll be with each other all
the time even if we're not with each
other at all
it's a full moon here tonight which
makes me think of you half a world away
letter number eight letter number 33
dear john i miss you so much it hurts
question permission to extend my tour
sir you've decided you're going back
all i know is i want to stay here with
you as long as i possibly can and i need
you to tell me
[Music]
a lot can happen in 12 months john
tonight you're here with me
[Music]
you